README.md, before:

# Threeveloper

## 7. Adding Materialized Objects

![Portfolio](./portfolio.png)

Hey everyone! 👋

This branch contains the code of [video #7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjj-guCnCmA) of this course where we are converting [Bruno Simon's portfolio project](https://bruno-simon.com/) from three.js to react three fiber.

You can use this project as a reference if you get stuck somewhere or if you want to check which exact dependency versions are being used in the videos.

Bruno Simon's portfolio might be updated over time as well, so feel free to download the version downloaded in the video by copying the `src/folio` folder. Please note that the files inside of that folder might be edited slightly in the videos to keep things working. The unedited version can be found [here](https://github.com/sjoerdvanBommel/threeveloper/tree/011-bruno-simon-portfolio-introduction/src/folio).

If you're not familiar with three.js yet, definitely check out [my other videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC74yl2lsr6zF9RENwXrEkpw/) and Bruno Simon's [three.js journey](https://threejs-journey.com/) course.

The source code for each course video is seperated into it's own branch. The link to the branch is added to the description of that video.

👩‍💻 Enjoy coding! 👨‍💻

<br/><br/>

## Getting Started

Once you downloaded the project, you only have to run two commands:

```
npm run install
```

```
npm run dev
```

Commit message:

Works
Tore the og project apart, put it back together. Added scenes, models, physics, animations, and controls. This took so long

README.md, after:

# Threeveloper

## 7. Adding Materialized Objects



👩‍💻 Enjoy coding! 👨‍💻

<br/><br/>

## Getting Started

Once you downloaded the project, you only have to run two commands:

```
npm run install
```

```
npm run dev
```



## Bibliography and Attributions

this project was based a buch of different projects and models.

The website is essentially a game engine that is made out of various javascript libraries and remixed 3d Models

Plant Decor by Anonymous [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/9YCWTMzIDj5)

Plants - Assorted shelf plants by Jakers_H [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/5COCzyz489J)

https://github.com/brunosimon/folio-2019

Walk in the Woods by Don Carson [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/38m6Q1H12DU)

Phone by Alex Safayan [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/1L9oJAw6nY2)

 https://github.com/pmndrs/gltfjsx 

Typewriter by Pat Siefring [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/0wEEWpFFmdd)

Ramp by Quaternius (https://poly.pizza/m/cS1JQReXZs)
